Okay, so let's look at some code examples here
using the assertions for Array, Iterable, and Lines.
So in this example, here
the code to test will basically test a string array.
So this field here, first three letters of alphabet.
We're going to make comparisons against this array.
Let's swing over to our demo details test
and let's define a new test method.
I'll define a local string array
and then I'll make use of that assertArrayEquals.
So it's going to compare to array objects
and see if they're equal deeply.
I'll pass in the stringArray,demoUtils,
I get first three letters of alphabet
and then I'll run the test and we'll see everything passes
as desired for the Array Equals.
I'll just kind of break it on purpose here.
So instead of "A", "B", "C", I'll say "Z" and then run it
and it fails.
We can scroll over a bit
and it says the array contents differ at index 2
expected a Z, but was a C, we'll go ahead and fix it again
and everything will run as desired.
So it really is checking deeply on these array elements.
So here's the code, the test here
we'll test for a list of Strings, academyInList
and we'll make comparisons against this list.
We'll move into our test class
and we'll set up a test method.
Test interval equals,
I'll define our local list of Strings
and then I'll assert interval equals
I'll pass in theList, demoUtils.getacademyInList.
And now when I run this test
then we'll see that this given test passes as desired.
So interval equals green. Good job.
Just moving back into my test class here
I'll create a test method, testLinesMatch.
I'll do a little copy paste here
because I'll use the same list
and then I'll give the assertLinesMatch
theList, demoUtils.getAcademyInList.
The lines should match.
I go ahead and run this and then the test pass is AOK.
So we get the green check mark again.
Awesome. So this was really good.
So we saw are some examples here
of using the additional assertion methods
for Array, Iterables and Lines.
Good job.